Add documentation for configurable autoscaling tolerance. (#49826)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale.md

For example, if the current metric value is `200m`, and the desired value
is `100m`, the number of replicas will be doubled, since

> \\( { 200.0 \div 100.0 } = 2.0 \\).  

Reviewer: BTW, that trailing whitespace was intentional (it forces a line break).

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

This approximates a rolling maximum, and avoids having the scaling algorithm frequently
remove Pods only to trigger recreating an equivalent Pod just moments later.

### Tolerance {#tolerance}

{{< feature-state feature_gate_name="HPAConfigurableTolerance" >}}

The `tolerance` field configures a threshold for metric variations, preventing the
autoscaler from scaling for changes below that value.

This tolerance is defined as the amount of variation around the desired metric value under
which no scaling will occur. For example, consider a HorizontalPodAutoscaler configured
with a target memory consumption of 100Mi and a scale-up tolerance of 5%:

```yaml
behavior:
  scaleUp:
    tolerance: 0.05 # 5% tolerance for scale up
```

With this configuration, the HPA algorithm will only consider scaling up if the memory
consumption is higher than 105Mi (i.e. 5% above the target).

If you don't set this field, the HPA applies a default cluster-wide tolerance, which

> is typically 10%.

Reviewer 2: let's remove "typically", it is 10% by default.

We could mention the flag that you can override globally though?

Author: Done.

> is typically 10%.

Reviewer: Is this correct?
```suggestion
you, as a cluster administrator, can configure via the control plane (you can't use the Kubernetes API to
configure the default). If you don't set a value for the cluster's default tolerance, Kubernetes defaults the field to 10% for both scale up and scale down.
```

Author: Yes it is correct. Ray also asked to update this sentence, I merged his and your suggestions.

This approximates a rolling maximum, and avoids having the scaling algorithm frequently
remove Pods only to trigger recreating an equivalent Pod just moments later.

### Tolerance {#tolerance}

{{< feature-state feature_gate_name="HPAConfigurableTolerance" >}}

The `tolerance` field configures a threshold for metric variations, preventing the
autoscaler from scaling for changes below that value.

This tolerance is defined as the amount of variation around the desired metric value under
which no scaling will occur. For example, consider a HorizontalPodAutoscaler configured

> with a target memory consumption of 100Mi and a scale-up tolerance of 5%:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a target memory consumption of 100MiB and a scale-up tolerance of 5%:
```

```yaml
behavior:
  scaleUp:
    tolerance: 0.05 # 5% tolerance for scale up
```

With this configuration, the HPA algorithm will only consider scaling up if the memory

> consumption is higher than 105Mi (i.e. 5% above the target).

Reviewer: (style nits)
```suggestion
consumption is higher than 105MiB (that is: 5% above the target).
```

If you don't set this field, the HPA applies the default cluster-wide tolerance of 10%. This
default can be updated for both scale-up and scale-down using the
[kube-controller-manager](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-controller-manager/)

> `--horizontal-pod-autoscaler-tolerance` flag. (You can't use the Kubernetes API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--horizontal-pod-autoscaler-tolerance` command line argument. (You can't use the Kubernetes API
```
Outside of Golang, "flag" means a boolean-valued argument. I recommend not using "flag" to mean command line arguments that aren't booleans.
